Add Metrics Style Subsection (#66)
dbt-labs/corp: dbt_style_guide.md

              field: id
```

## Metrics style guide

* dbt Metrics definitions are a special kind of YAML file, with additional conventions.
* Metrics names must begin with a letter, cannot contain whitespace, and should be all lowercase.
* Tags and/or Meta properties should be used to organize metrics at the business function level.
* Meta properties should be used to track metric definition ownership.
* The [minimum required properties](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/metrics#available-properties) must be present in the metric definition.
* For up-to-date information on metrics, please see the [metrics docs on defining a metrics](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/metrics#defining-a-metric) or the [dbt-labs/metrics README](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt_metrics#readme)

### Example Metric YAML
```yaml
version: 2

metrics:
  - name: weekly_active_projects
    label: Cumulative Weekly Active Projects
    model: ref('fct_dbt_project_activity')
    description: >
      """The running total of dbt Projects with at least one

>       invocation in the last trailing 7 days for any given day."""

Reviewer: All these quotes needed?

Author: thank you!  silly python habits

Reviewer: all good! i thought it mighta been some markdown magic or something haha

              field: id
```

## Metrics style guide

> 
> * dbt Metrics definitions are a special kind of YAML file, with additional conventions.
> * Metrics names must begin with a letter, cannot contain whitespace, and should be all lowercase.
> * Tags and/or Meta properties should be used to organize metrics at the business function level.
> * Meta properties should be used to track metric definition ownership.
> * The [minimum required properties](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/metrics#available-properties) must be present in the metric definition.
> * For up-to-date information on metrics, please see the [metrics docs on defining a metric](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/metrics#defining-a-metric) or the [dbt-labs/metrics README](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt_metrics#readme)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dbt Metrics will naturally fall into four broad categories:
1. Company metrics
2. Team KPIs
3. OKRs
4. Specific metrics related to a product area, business unit, or business function that is not necessarily a team KPI, but important to track nonetheless.

Because of the wide socialization of these docs and downstream usage in the BI layer, consistency and clarity are _very_ important. Below are the general standards and examples of how we format and implement metrics at dbt Labs:

* Metrics names must begin with a letter, cannot contain whitespace, and should be all lowercase.
* The [minimum required properties](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/metrics#available-properties) must be present in the metric definition.
* Tags and/or Meta properties should be used to organize metrics at the business function level.
* Meta properties should be used to track metric definition ownership.
* For up-to-date information on metrics, please see the [metrics docs on defining a metric](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/metrics#defining-a-metric) or the [dbt-labs/metrics README](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt_metrics#readme)

```

### Example Metric YAML

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: Should we include an example of a `base__` metric?

Author: I can include it in the structure! I plan on refactoring some derived metrics to demonstrate the base__ prefix in our project, if this convention is approved
